docs/admin-guide/getting-started/homepage.mdx, before:

---
id: homepage
title: Admin Guide Dashboard
sidebar_label: Admin Guide Dashboard
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';
import Zoom from "react-medium-image-zoom";
import "react-medium-image-zoom/dist/styles.css";

Upon successfully configuring the Agents, connecting the directory services, and a few successful synchronizations, the landing page displays four tiles:

<div class="center">
  <Zoom>
<img alt="Landing Page New" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/admin-guide/admin-landing-page.png')}/>
  </Zoom>
	<p>Admin Landing Page</p>
</div>

## 1. Instances Configured

List of instances under the agents being configured, number of **Reports** synched, the Agent **Server** URL, the Instance **Port** number, and Instance **Status** is also displayed.


## 2. Authentications Configured

List of user authentications **Name**, **Type**, and **Status**.

## 3. Components Configured

List of components like Elastic Search, Message Queue, and SMTP that were configured during Server configuration.

## 4. Synchronization Information

Synchronization details for users, reports and authentication. 

- To view the recent activities over a period, click on the calendar icon and provide a date range as input.
- To get a detailed information click on **Sync Users**, or **Sync Reports** or **Sync Authentication**, and the **Synchronization information** window pops up.

Commit message:

Admin Guide Agent Manager and User Manager sections updates.

docs/admin-guide/getting-started/homepage.mdx, after:

---
id: homepage
title: Admin Guide Dashboard
sidebar_label: Admin Guide Dashboard
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';
import Zoom from "react-medium-image-zoom";
import "react-medium-image-zoom/dist/styles.css";

:::important
Log-in to BI Hub application with the Admin username/password. Switch to the administrator mode by clicking the **Admin mode** button at the top right corner.
:::

Upon successfully configuring the Agents, connecting the directory services, and a few successful synchronizations, the landing page displays four tiles:

<div class="center">
  <Zoom>
<img alt="Landing Page New" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/admin-guide/admin-landing-page.png')}/>
  </Zoom>
	<p>Admin Landing Page</p>
</div>

## 1. Instances Configured

This section lists the instances configured,  number of **Reports** synched, the Agent **Server** URL, the Instance **Port** number, and Instance **Status**. 
The instances are managed from the <Link to={useBaseUrl('docs/admin-guide/agent-manager/agent-manager-main')}>Agent Manager</Link> screen.

## 2. Authentications Configured

This section summarizes the user account types with **Authentication Name**, **Type**, and **Status**. These accounts are managed in the <Link to={useBaseUrl('docs/admin-guide/authenticate/authenticate')}>Authentication</Link> section.

## 3. Components Configured

List of components like Elastic Search, Message Queue, and SMTP that were configured during Server configuration.

## 4. Synchronization Information

This section displays the Synchronization details of users, reports, and/or authentication accounts.
These sync reports are triggered from the **Agent Manager > Instance Manager**, and **Authentication** sections.

- To view the recent activities over a period, click on the calendar icon and provide a date range as input.
- To get a detailed information click on **Sync Users**, or **Sync Reports** or **Sync Authentication**, and the **Synchronization information** window pops up.

:::note
Refer the <Link to={useBaseUrl('docs/admin-guide/admin-utilities/admin-utilities#synchronization-information')}>Administrator utility Synchronization</Link> section.
:::
