docs/installation-guide/welcome.md, before:

---
id: welcome
title: Welcome to BI Hub Installation Guide!
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Who Should Read This Guide?

The Installation Guide for BI Hub application offered by Visual BI is meant for people who will perform the installation of the software.

## What is BI Hub

BI Hub is a web-based Visual BI application product.

BI Hub enables users to view and analyse reports built in various BI platforms in one page, without having to login into those platforms individually. 

Highlights of this product includes but not limited to:

* **Smart view and Discovery of BI assets** – Discover not accessible assets and request access

* **Unified view of BI assets** – A consolidated view of reports from multiple BI platforms in onepage.

* **Incredibly easy setup and maintenance** - Easy to setup and 100% automated synchronization between BI Hub and BI platforms

BI Hub 1.5 consists of **BI Hub Server, BI Hub Web, BI Hub Agents**.

This installation document explains the steps involved in installation of the three components and procedure to check the success/failure of the installation process.

Commit message:

Installation guide editions and Google analytics plugin

docs/installation-guide/welcome.md, after:

---
id: welcome
hide_title: BI Hub Installation Guide!
sidebar_label: BI Hub Installation Guide
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Who Should Read This Guide?

The Installation Guide for BI Hub application offered by Visual BI is meant for people who will perform the installation of the software.

## What is BI Hub

> BI Hub is a web-based Visual BI application product.

**Key Features**

- **Easy access**: Single sign-on BI portal dashboard to all your Analytics Assests in BI Hub.
- **Report Governance**: A simplified Report governance to view and authorize the respective users and collaborate the reports with other users.
- **Smart Search** - Search reports and dashboards from all your BI systems with a single click. Request access for other reports within one BI portal with the advanced search option.
- **Ensures Security** - BI Hub imports all the user accounts and their security from each reporting tool.
- **Compatability** - BI Hub reports are easily compatible on mobile devices or tablets device with touch-enabled gestures.
- **Personalization** - BI Hub dashboard is configurable to match up to your company's theme.

BI Hub comprises of 3 components - **BI Hub Server, BI Hub Web**, and **BI Hub Agents**.

:::important
Follow the sequence of steps explained in this Installation guide for a smooth installation of BI Hub.
:::

:::note
Every installation step also carry out the success/failure checks of the installation process.
:::
